---
external help file: Microsoft.Exchange.RemoteConnections-Help.xml
applicable: Exchange Online
title: Get-ConnectSubscription
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-ConnectSubscription

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is available only in the cloud-based service.

Use the Get-ConnectSubscription cmdlet to view information about the people subscriptions that have been set up between the users in your organization and a supported networking service (for example, Facebook and LinkedIn).

For information about the parameter sets in the Syntax section below, see Exchange cmdlet syntax (https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123552.aspx).

## SYNTAX

```
Get-ConnectSubscription [[-Identity] <AggregationSubscriptionIdParameter>]
 [-AggregationType <Aggregation | Mirrored | Migration | PeopleConnection | All>] [-Confirm] [-IncludeReport]
 [-Mailbox <MailboxIdParameter>] [-ResultSize <Unlimited>] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Users can set up people subscriptions between supported networking services and their cloud-based mailbox. Currently, only LinkedIn people connections are supported. The Get-ConnectSubscription cmdlet returns the list of connections that have been set up in your organization. It can also return additional information such as the current connection status of each connection and the time of the most recent successful synchronization.

You need to be assigned permissions before you can run this cmdlet. Although this topic lists all parameters for the cmdlet, you may not have access to some parameters if they're not included in the permissions assigned to you. To find the permissions required to run any cmdlet or parameter in your organization, see Find the permissions required to run any Exchange cmdlet (https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt432940.aspx).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
Get-ConnectSubscription -Mailbox "Kim Akers" | Format-List
```

This example shows detailed information for all the contact subscriptions that are configured in the mailbox of the user Kim Akers.

### Example 2
```
Get-ConnectSubscription -Mailbox "Kim Akers" -IncludeReport | Export-CSV C:\KimAkersConnectReport
```

This example returns additional information about the contact subscriptions that are configured in the mailbox of the user Kim Akers.

## PARAMETERS

### -AggregationType
The AggregationType parameter filters the results by type. The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- All

- Aggregation

- Migration

- Mirrored

- PeopleConnection

```yaml
Type: Aggregation | Mirrored | Migration | PeopleConnection | All
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
The Confirm switch specifies whether to show or hide the confirmation prompt. How this switch affects the cmdlet depends on if the cmdlet requires confirmation before proceeding.

- Destructive cmdlets (for example, Remove-\* cmdlets) have a built-in pause that forces you to acknowledge the command before proceeding. For these cmdlets, you can skip the confirmation prompt by using this exact syntax: -Confirm:$false.

- Most other cmdlets (for example, New-\* and Set-\* cmdlets) don't have a built-in pause. For these cmdlets, specifying the Confirm switch without a value introduces a pause that forces you acknowledge the command before proceeding.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Identity
The Identity parameter specifies a unique value that identifies a connection between a cloud-based mailbox and a contact subscription. This value is generated by the provider after a successful connection is made.

```yaml
Type: AggregationSubscriptionIdParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeReport
The IncludeReport switch specifies whether to return additional details, which can be used for troubleshooting.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Mailbox
The Mailbox parameter specifies the mailbox that contains the subscription. You can use any value that uniquely identifies the mailbox.

For example:

- Name

- Display name

- Alias

- Distinguished name (DN)

- Canonical DN

- \<domain name\>\\\<account name\>

- Email address

- GUID

- LegacyExchangeDN

- SamAccountName

- User ID or user principal name (UPN)

```yaml
Type: MailboxIdParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResultSize
The ResultSize parameter specifies the maximum number of results to return. If you want to return all requests that match the query, use unlimited for the value of this parameter. The default value is 1000.

```yaml
Type: Unlimited
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
The WhatIf switch simulates the actions of the command. You can use this switch to view the changes that would occur without actually applying those changes. You don't need to specify a value with this switch.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

###  
To see the input types that this cmdlet accepts, see Cmdlet Input and Output Types (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkId=616387). If the Input Type field for a cmdlet is blank, the cmdlet doesn't accept input data.

## OUTPUTS

###  
To see the return types, which are also known as output types, that this cmdlet accepts, see Cmdlet Input and Output Types (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkId=616387). If the Output Type field is blank, the cmdlet doesn't return data.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Online Version](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/89f2566b-cf64-437b-af09-4d495e52b25b.aspx)

