---
applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE, Exchange Online
author: chrisda
external help file: Microsoft.Exchange.WebClient-Help.xml
Locale: en-US
Module Name: ExchangePowerShell
ms.author: chrisda
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchangepowershell/compare-textmessagingverificationcode
schema: 2.0.0
title: Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode
---

# Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is available in on-premises Exchange and in the cloud-based service. Some parameters and settings might be exclusive to one environment or the other.

Use the Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode cmdlet to verify the text messaging verification code that the user specified as part of configuring text message notifications on the mailbox.

For information about the parameter sets in the Syntax section below, see [Exchange cmdlet syntax](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-cmdlet-syntax).

## SYNTAX

```
Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode [[-Identity] <MailboxIdParameter>] -VerificationCode <String>
 [-Confirm]
 [-DomainController <Fqdn>]
 [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode cmdlet returns the value true if the code matches the stored code that was generated by the Send-TextMessagingVerificationCode cmdlet.

When text messaging notifications are enabled on a mailbox, you can configure calendar notifications, voice mail notifications, and email notifications using an inbox rule.

You need to be assigned permissions before you can run this cmdlet. Although this article lists all parameters for the cmdlet, you might not have access to some parameters if they aren't included in the permissions assigned to you. To find the permissions required to run any cmdlet or parameter in your organization, see [Find the permissions required to run any Exchange cmdlet](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/find-exchange-cmdlet-permissions).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode -Identity TonySmith -VerificationCode 111555
```

This example compares the verification code 111555 to the code sent to Tony Smith's mobile phone.

### Example 2
```powershell
Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode -Identity tony@contoso.com -VerificationCode 123456
```

This example compares the verification code 123456 to the code sent to Tony Smith's mobile phone.

### Example 3
```powershell
Compare-TextMessagingVerificationCode -Identity TonySmith -VerificationCode 111555 -Confirm $true
```

This example compares the verification code 111555 to the code sent to Tony Smith's mobile phone after confirmation is given.

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity

> Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE, Exchange Online

The Identity parameter specifies the mailbox where you are trying to enable text messaging notifications. You can use any value that uniquely identifies the mailbox. For example:

- Name
- Alias
- Distinguished name (DN)
- Canonical DN
- Domain\\Username
- Email address
- GUID
- LegacyExchangeDN
- SamAccountName
- User ID or user principal name (UPN)

```yaml
Type: MailboxIdParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VerificationCode

> Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE, Exchange Online

The VerificationCode parameter contains the verification code that the user specified.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm

> Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE, Exchange Online

The Confirm switch specifies whether to show or hide the confirmation prompt. How this switch affects the cmdlet depends on if the cmdlet requires confirmation before proceeding.

- Destructive cmdlets (for example, Remove-\* cmdlets) have a built-in pause that forces you to acknowledge the command before proceeding. For these cmdlets, you can skip the confirmation prompt by using this exact syntax: `-Confirm:$false`.
- Most other cmdlets (for example, New-\* and Set-\* cmdlets) don't have a built-in pause. For these cmdlets, specifying the Confirm switch without a value introduces a pause that forces you acknowledge the command before proceeding.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DomainController

> Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE

This parameter is available only in on-premises Exchange.

The DomainController parameter specifies the domain controller that's used by this cmdlet to read data from or write data to Active Directory. You identify the domain controller by its fully qualified domain name (FQDN). For example, dc01.contoso.com.

```yaml
Type: Fqdn
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf

> Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Server SE, Exchange Online

The WhatIf switch simulates the actions of the command. You can use this switch to view the changes that would occur without actually applying those changes. You don't need to specify a value with this switch.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Input types
To see the input types that this cmdlet accepts, see [Cmdlet Input and Output Types](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616387). If the Input Type field for a cmdlet is blank, the cmdlet doesn't accept input data.

## OUTPUTS

### Output types
To see the return types, which are also known as output types, that this cmdlet accepts, see [Cmdlet Input and Output Types](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616387). If the Output Type field is blank, the cmdlet doesn't return data.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
