---
applicable: Security & Compliance
author: chrisda
external help file: Microsoft.Exchange.TransportMailflow-Help.xml
Locale: en-US
Module Name: ExchangePowerShell
ms.author: chrisda
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchangepowershell/set-unifiedauditlogretentionpolicy
schema: 2.0.0
title: Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy
---

# Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is available only in Security & Compliance PowerShell. For more information, see [Security & Compliance PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/scc-powershell).

Use the Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy cmdlet to modify audit log retention policies in the Microsoft Defender portal or the Microsoft Purview compliance portal.

For information about the parameter sets in the Syntax section below, see [Exchange cmdlet syntax](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-cmdlet-syntax).

## SYNTAX

```
Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy [-Identity] <PolicyIdParameter> -Priority <Int32> -RetentionDuration <UnifiedAuditLogRetentionDuration>
 [-Confirm]
 [-Description <String>]
 [-Operations <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-RecordTypes <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-UserIds <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-WhatIf]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Audit log retention policies are used to specify a retention duration for audit logs for that are generated by admin and user activity. An audit log retention policy can specify the retention duration based on the type of audited activities, the Microsoft 365 service that activities are performed in, or the users who performed the activities. For more information, see [Manage audit log retention policies](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/audit-log-retention-policies).

To use this cmdlet in Security & Compliance PowerShell, you need to be assigned permissions. For more information, see [Permissions in the Microsoft Defender portal](https://learn.microsoft.com/defender-office-365/mdo-portal-permissions) or [Permissions in the Microsoft Purview compliance portal](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/microsoft-365-compliance-center-permissions).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy -Identity "eDiscovery audit retention" -RecordTypes Discovery,AeD -UserIds admin@contoso.onmicrosoft.com -RetentionDuration SixMonths -Priority 100
```

This example adds the AeD (for eDiscovery Premium events) record type to the policy. It also configures that the policy is applied only to the audit logs for activities performed only by the user admin@contoso.onmicrosoft.com.

### Example 2
```powershell
Set-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy -Name "SearchQueryPerformed by app@sharepoint" -Operations SearchQueryPerformed,FileAccessed -UserIds $null -RetentionDuration SixMonths -Priority 10000
```

This example modifies an audit log retention policy and changes to retention duration to six months, adds an additional activity to the Operations parameter, and removes all values from the UserId property so the policy applies to all users.

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The Identity parameter specifies the unified audit log retention policy that you want to modify. You can use any value that uniquely identifies the policy. For example:

- Name
- Distinguished name (DN)
- GUID

```yaml
Type: PolicyIdParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Priority

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The Priority parameter specifies a priority value for the policy that determines the order of policy processing. A higher integer value indicates a lower priority. The value 1 is the highest priority, and the value 10000 is the lowest priority. No two policies can have the same priority value.

This parameter is required when you modify an audit log retention policy, and you must use a unique priority value.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RetentionDuration

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The RetentionDuration parameter specifies how long audit log records are kept. Valid values are:

- ThreeMonths
- SixMonths
- NineMonths
- TwelveMonths
- TenYears

This parameter is required when modifying an audit log retention policy.

```yaml
Type: UnifiedAuditLogRetentionDuration
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ThreeMonths, SixMonths, NineMonths, TwelveMonths, TenYears

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The Confirm switch specifies whether to show or hide the confirmation prompt. How this switch affects the cmdlet depends on if the cmdlet requires confirmation before proceeding.

- Destructive cmdlets (for example, Remove-\* cmdlets) have a built-in pause that forces you to acknowledge the command before proceeding. For these cmdlets, you can skip the confirmation prompt by using this exact syntax: `-Confirm:$false`.
- Most other cmdlets (for example, New-\* and Set-\* cmdlets) don't have a built-in pause. For these cmdlets, specifying the Confirm switch without a value introduces a pause that forces you acknowledge the command before proceeding.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The Description parameter specifies a description for the audit log retention policy. The maximum length is 256 characters. If the value contains spaces, enclose the value in quotation marks (").

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Operations

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The Operations parameter specifies the audit log operations that are retained by the policy. The values you specify overwrite any existing entries. For a list of the available values for this parameter, see [Audited activities](https://learn.microsoft.com/purview/audit-log-activities).

You can enter multiple values separated by commas. If the values contain spaces or otherwise require quotation marks, use the following syntax: `"Value1","Value2",..."ValueN"`.

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RecordTypes

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The RecordTypes parameter specifies the audit logs of a specific record type that are retained by the policy. For details about the available values, see [AuditLogRecordType](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/office-365-management-api/office-365-management-activity-api-schema#auditlogrecordtype).

You can specify multiple values separated by commas. The values you specify overwrite any existing entries.

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserIds

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The UserIds parameter specifies the audit logs that are retained by the policy based on the ID of the user who performed the action. The values you specify overwrite any existing entries.

You can enter multiple values separated by commas. If the values contain spaces or otherwise require quotation marks, use the following syntax: `"Value1","Value2",..."ValueN"`.

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf

> Applicable: Security & Compliance

The WhatIf switch doesn't work in Security & Compliance PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
