---
external help file: 
applicable: FAST Server for SharePoint 2010
schema: 2.0.0
title: New-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty
---

# New-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new crawled property.

## SYNTAX

```
New-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty -Name <String> -Propset <Guid> -VariantType <Int32> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This cmdlet creates a new crawled property.
A crawled property is a piece of metadata extracted from content sources and fed to the Microsoft FAST Search Server 2010 for SharePoint system.
For example, the title of a Web page would normally be a crawled property.

A crawled property is uniquely defined by three properties:

-- The name of the crawled property.
-- The property set to which the crawled property is mapped, specified as a GUID (Global Unique Identifier). The GUID identifies which category the crawled property belongs to. A crawled property must be a member of a category.
-- The variant type of the crawled property, which specifies the crawled property's data type.

To include content in the full text indexes, crawled properties must be mapped to managed properties. 
If a crawled property has IsMappedToContents set to "true", then the crawled property will automatically be added to the default searchable index (the full text index called "content").
A newly created crawled property has its IsMappedToContents parameter set to the same value as the mapped-to category's MapToContents parameter.

See New-FASTSearchMetadataCategory for information about creating a new category for crawled properties.

See Set-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty for information about changing the properties of an existing crawled property.

For permissions and the most current information about FAST Search Server 2010 for SharePoint cmdlets, see the online documentation, (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=163227).

## EXAMPLES

### ---------------EXAMPLE 1----------------- (FAST Server for SharePoint 2010)
```
C:\PS>$guid = [guid]::NewGuid()
New-FASTSearchMetadataCategory -Name MoreWeb -Propset $guid
New-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty -Name ExtendedTitle -Propset $guid -Varianttype 31
```

This example first creates a new category named "MoreWeb", and then creates a new crawled property "ExtendedTitle" that is mapped to the "MoreWeb" category (because it has the same property set value).
The data type of the crawled property is a Unicode string (VT_LPWSTR, variant type 31).

The new category gets the property set value "e20d8de2-0b5c-46f8-993d-6cdacbda5164", which was randomly generated by the System.GUID.NewGuid() method.

### ---------------EXAMPLE 2----------------- (FAST Server for SharePoint 2010)
```
PS C:\>Get-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty | Where-Object -filterscript { $_.CategoryName -eq "Web"}
New-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty -Name Internaltitle -varianttype 31 -Propset d1b5d3f0-c0b3-11cf-9a92-00a0c908dbf1
```

This example adds a new crawled property to an existing catalog of crawled properties.
The new crawled property is named "Internaltitle", added to the "Web" category.
It is variant type 31, a Unicode string in the user default locale.

The "Web" category has several property set GUIDs.
Investigating with the command:

Get-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty | Where-Object -filterscript { $_.CategoryName -eq "Web"}

reveals that the "DESCRIPTION" crawled property, which is a type similar to the crawled property to add, has the property set value "d1b5d3f0-c0b3-11cf-9a92-00a0c908dbf1".
This property set is chosen for the new crawled property.

To use this crawled property, you must configure the connector or feeding application to send a value with the same name, variant type, and property set.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
The name of the new crawled property.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: FAST Server for SharePoint 2010

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Propset
The property set GUID of the new crawled property.

The GUID controls which category the crawled property belongs to.
A GUID (Global Unique Identifier) is a 128-bit integer that has a very low probability of being duplicated.
The GUID can be specified either as a System.Guid object, or as an integer having the format "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx".

```yaml
Type: Guid
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: FAST Server for SharePoint 2010

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VariantType
An integer value specifying the data type of the crawled property.
See http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=163232 (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=163232) for a list of common variant types.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: FAST Server for SharePoint 2010

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty](Set.FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty.md)

[Get-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty](Get-FASTSearchMetadataCrawledProperty.md)

