---
external help file: 
applicable: SharePoint Server 2013
title: New-SPExcelDataProvider
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-SPExcelDataProvider

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a new safe data provider to Excel Services Application.


## SYNTAX

```
New-SPExcelDataProvider -ExcelServiceApplication <SPExcelServiceApplicationPipeBind> -ProviderId <String>
 -ProviderType <DataProviderType> [-AssignmentCollection <SPAssignmentCollection>] [-Confirm]
 [-Description <String>] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `New-SPExcelDataProvider` cmdlet adds a data provider to the list of safe data providers in an Excel Services Application Web service application.
Excel Services Application refreshes external data connections only if the data provider for a connection is on the list of safe data providers. 
Excel Services Application includes a set of common data providers on this list.
Therefore, using cmdlets to modify safe data providers typically occurs only in custom data connection scenarios.

For permissions and the most current information about Windows PowerShell for SharePoint Products, see the online documentation at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=251831 (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=251831).


## EXAMPLES

### ------------------EXAMPLE 1------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-SPExcelServiceApplication -identity "MyExcelService" | New-SPExcelDataProvider -providerID "CustomOLEDB" -ProviderType OleDb -description "This is a custom OLEDB provider"
```

This example adds a new custom OLEDB data provider to the list of safe data providers for the Excel Services Application Web service application named MyExcelService.


### ------------------EXAMPLE 2------------------
```
C:\PS>Get-SPExcelServiceApplication | New-SPExcelDataProvider -providerID "CustomOLEDB" -ProviderType OleDb -description "This is a custom OLEDB provider"
```

This example adds a new custom OLEDB data provider to the list of safe data providers for all Excel Services Application Web service application in the farm.


## PARAMETERS

### -ExcelServiceApplication
Specifies the Excel Services Application Web service application that contains the SPExcelDataProvider list object.

The type must be a valid GUID, in the form 12345678-90ab-cdef-1234-567890bcdefgh; a valid name of an Excel Services Application Web service application in the farm (for example, MyExcelService1); or an instance of a valid SPExcelServiceApplication object.

```yaml
Type: SPExcelServiceApplicationPipeBind
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProviderId
Specifies the name of the provider.
This ID should be present in the connection strings generated by this provider and the ID must be unique for the provider type.

The type must be a valid name of a provider; for example CustomOLEDB.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProviderType
Specifies the supported type of data provider to add to safe provider list.

The type must be one of the following: OleDb, Odbc, or OdbcDsn.

```yaml
Type: DataProviderType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AssignmentCollection
Manages objects for the purpose of proper disposal.
Use of objects, such as SPWeb or SPSite, can use large amounts of memory and use of these objects in Windows PowerShell scripts requires proper memory management.
Using the SPAssignment object, you can assign objects to a variable and dispose of the objects after they are needed to free up memory.
When SPWeb, SPSite, or SPSiteAdministration objects are used, the objects are automatically disposed of if an assignment collection or the Global parameter is not used.

When the Global parameter is used, all objects are contained in the global store.
If objects are not immediately used, or disposed of by using the `Stop-SPAssignment` command, an out-of-memory scenario can occur.

```yaml
Type: SPAssignmentCollection
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before executing the command.
For more information, type the following command: `get-help about_commonparameters`

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Specifies a friendly description for the new data provider.

The type must be a valid string; for example, "This is a custom OLEDB provider".

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Displays a message that describes the effect of the command instead of executing the command.
For more information, type the following command: `get-help about_commonparameters`

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi
Applicable: SharePoint Server 2013

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
