---
external help file: Microsoft.Exchange.RolesAndAccess-Help.xml
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/get-offlineaddressbook
applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Online
title: Get-OfflineAddressBook
schema: 2.0.0
author: chrisda
ms.author: chrisda
Module Name: exchange
---

# Get-OfflineAddressBook

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is available in on-premises Exchange and in the cloud-based service. Some parameters and settings may be exclusive to one environment or the other.

Use the Get-OfflineAddressBook cmdlet to view offline address books (OABs).

In Exchange Online, this cmdlet is available only in the Address Lists role, and by default, the role isn't assigned to any role groups. To use this cmdlet, you need to add the Address Lists role to a role group (for example, to the Organization Management role group). For more information, see [Add a role to a role group](https://learn.microsoft.com/Exchange/permissions/role-groups#add-a-role-to-a-role-group).

For information about the parameter sets in the Syntax section below, see [Exchange cmdlet syntax](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-cmdlet-syntax).

## SYNTAX

### Server
```
Get-OfflineAddressBook -Server <ServerIdParameter>
 [-DomainController <Fqdn>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Identity
```
Get-OfflineAddressBook [[-Identity] <OfflineAddressBookIdParameter>]
 [-DomainController <Fqdn>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
You need to be assigned permissions before you can run this cmdlet. Although this topic lists all parameters for the cmdlet, you may not have access to some parameters if they're not included in the permissions assigned to you. To find the permissions required to run any cmdlet or parameter in your organization, see [Find the permissions required to run any Exchange cmdlet](https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/find-exchange-cmdlet-permissions).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
Get-OfflineAddressBook
```

This example returns a summary list of all existing OABs.

### Example 2
```powershell
Get-OfflineAddressBook -Identity "\Default Offline Address Book" | Format-List
```

This example returns detailed information about the OAB named Default Offline Address Book.

### Example 3
```powershell
Get-OfflineAddressBook | Format-List Name,AddressLists,GeneratingMailbox,GUID
```

This example returns specific properties for all existing OABs, including the GeneratingMailbox property that specifies the arbitration mailbox that's responsible for generating the OAB.

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity
The Identity parameter specifies the OAB that you want to view. You can use any value that uniquely identifies the OAB. For example:

- Name or \\Name
- Distinguished name (DN)
- GUID

You can't use this parameter with the Server parameter.

```yaml
Type: OfflineAddressBookIdParameter
Parameter Sets: Identity
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019, Exchange Online

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Server
This parameter is available only in on-premises Exchange.

**Note**: This parameter isn't relevant in Exchange 2013 or later. The Server property for an OAB is blank, because the OAB is generated by an arbitration mailbox.

The Server parameter returns all of the OABs that are generated by the specified Exchange 2010 or earlier server. You can use any value that uniquely identifies the server. For example:

- Name
- Distinguished name (DN)
- FQDN
- ExchangeLegacyDN
- GUID

You can't use this parameter with the Identity parameter.

```yaml
Type: ServerIdParameter
Parameter Sets: Server
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DomainController
This parameter is available only in on-premises Exchange.

The DomainController parameter specifies the domain controller that's used by this cmdlet to read data from or write data to Active Directory. You identify the domain controller by its fully qualified domain name (FQDN). For example, dc01.contoso.com.

```yaml
Type: Fqdn
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016, Exchange Server 2019

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Input types
To see the input types that this cmdlet accepts, see [Cmdlet Input and Output Types](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616387). If the Input Type field for a cmdlet is blank, the cmdlet doesn't accept input data.

## OUTPUTS

### Output types
To see the return types, which are also known as output types, that this cmdlet accepts, see [Cmdlet Input and Output Types](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=616387). If the Output Type field is blank, the cmdlet doesn't return data.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
