---
external help file: Microsoft.Exchange.TransportMailflow-Help.xml
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/exchange/new-unifiedauditlogretentionpolicy
applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center
title: New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy
schema: 2.0.0
author: chrisda
ms.author: chrisda
ms.reviewer:
monikerRange: "o365scc-ps"
---

# New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is available only in Security & Compliance Center PowerShell. For more information, see [Security & Compliance Center PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/office-365-scc-powershell).

Use the New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy cmdlet to create audit log retention policies in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center.

For information about the parameter sets in the Syntax section below, see [Exchange cmdlet syntax](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-cmdlet-syntax).

## SYNTAX

```
New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy [-Name] <String> -Priority <Int32> -RetentionDuration <UnifiedAuditLogRetentionDuration>
 [-Confirm]
 [-Description <String>]
 [-Operations <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-RecordTypes <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-UserIds <MultiValuedProperty>]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Audit log retention policies are used to specify a retention duration for audit logs for that are generated by admin and user activity. An audit log retention policy can specify the retention duration based on the type of audited activities, the Office 365 service that activities are performed in, or the users who performed the activities. For more information, see [Manage audit log retention policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/audit-log-retention-policies).

You need to be assigned permissions in the Office 365 Security & Compliance Center before you can use this cmdlet. For more information, see [Permissions in Office 365 Security & Compliance Center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=511920).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy -Name "Microsoft Teams Audit Policy" -Description "One year retention policy for all Microsoft Teams activities" -RecordTypes MicrosoftTeams -RetentionDuration TwelveMonths -Priority 100
```

This example creates an audit log retention policy that retains all audit logs related to Microsoft Teams events for one year.

### Example 2
```powershell
New-UnifiedAuditLogRetentionPolicy -Name "SearchQueryPerformed by app@sharepoint" -Description "90 day retention policy for noisy SharePoint events" -RecordTypes SharePoint  -Operations SearchQueryPerformed -UserIds "app@sharepoint" -RetentionDuration ThreeMonths -Priority 10000
```

This example creates an audit log retention policy that retains all audit logs for the SearchQueryPerformed activity performed by the app@sharepoint service account for 90 days.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
The Name parameter specifies a unique name for the audit log retention policy. The maximum length is 64 characters. If the value contains spaces, enclose the value in quotation marks (").

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Priority
The Priority parameter specifies a priority value for the policy that determines the order of policy processing. A higher integer value indicates a higher priority, the value 10000 is the highest priority, and policies can't have the same priority value.

Valid values and the default value for this parameter depend on the number of existing policies. For example, if there are 8 existing policies:

- Valid priority values for the existing 8 policies are from 7 through 0.

- Valid priority values for a new policy (the 9th policy) are from 8 through 0.

You must use a unique priority value when creating new audit log retention policies. Any custom audit log retention policy that you create will take precedence over the default audit log retention policy. For more information, see [Advanced audit in Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/advanced-audit).

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RetentionDuration
The RetentionDuration parameter specifies how long audit log records are kept. Valid values are:

- ThreeMonths

- SixMonths

- NineMonths

- TwelveMonths

```yaml
Type: UnifiedAuditLogRetentionDuration
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ThreeMonths, SixMonths, NineMonths, TwelveMonths
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
The Confirm switch specifies whether to show or hide the confirmation prompt. How this switch affects the cmdlet depends on if the cmdlet requires confirmation before proceeding.

- Destructive cmdlets (for example, Remove-\* cmdlets) have a built-in pause that forces you to acknowledge the command before proceeding. For these cmdlets, you can skip the confirmation prompt by using this exact syntax: -Confirm:$false.

- Most other cmdlets (for example, New-\* and Set-\* cmdlets) don't have a built-in pause. For these cmdlets, specifying the Confirm switch without a value introduces a pause that forces you acknowledge the command before proceeding.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
The Description parameter specifies a description for the audit log retention policy. The maximum length is 256 characters. If the value contains spaces, enclose the value in quotation marks (").

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Operations
The Operations parameter specifies the audit log operations that are retained by the policy. For a list of the available values for this parameter, see [Audited activities](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=708432).

To enter multiple values, use the following syntax: \<value1\>,\<value2\>,...\<valueX\>. If the values contain spaces or otherwise require quotation marks, use the following syntax: "\<value1\>","\<value2\>",..."\<valueX\>".

If you use this parameter, you must also use the RecordTypes parameter to specify the record type. You can't use this parameter if you've specified more than one value for the RecordTypes parameter.

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RecordTypes
The RecordTypes parameter specifies the audit logs of a specific record type that are retained by the policy. You can specify multiple values separated by commas. If you specify more than one value, you can't use the Operations parameter. Valid values are:

- AeD

- AirInvestigation

- ApplicationAudit

- AzureActiveDirectory

- AzureActiveDirectoryAccountLogon

- AzureActiveDirectoryStsLogon

- CRM

- Campaign

- ComplianceDLPExchange

- ComplianceDLPSharePoint

- ComplianceDLPSharePointClassification

- ComplianceSupervisionExchange

- CustomerKeyServiceEncryption

- DLPEndpoint

- DataCenterSecurityCmdlet

- DataGovernance

- DataInsightsRestApiAudit

- Discovery

- ExchangeAdmin

- ExchangeAggregatedOperation

- ExchangeItem

- ExchangeItemAggregated

- ExchangeItemGroup

- HRSignal

- HygieneEvent

- InformationBarrierPolicyApplication

- InformationWorkerProtection

- Kaizala

- LabelContentExplorer

- MIPLabel

- MailSubmission

- MicrosoftFlow

- MicrosoftForms

- MicrosoftStream

- MicrosoftTeams

- MicrosoftTeamsAdmin

- MicrosoftTeamsAnalytics

- MicrosoftTeamsDevice

- MicrosoftTeamsShifts

- MipAutoLabelExchangeItem

- MipAutoLabelSharePointItem

- MipAutoLabelSharePointPolicyLocation

- OfficeNative

- OneDrive

- PowerAppsApp

- PowerAppsPlan

- PowerBIAudit

- Project

- Quarantine

- SecurityComplianceAlerts

- SecurityComplianceCenterEOPCmdlet

- SecurityComplianceInsights

- SharePoint

- SharePointCommentOperation

- SharePointContentTypeOperation

- SharePointFieldOperation

- SharePointFileOperation

- SharePointListItemOperation

- SharePointListOperation

- SharePointSharingOperation

- SkypeForBusinessCmdlets

- SkypeForBusinessPSTNUsage

- SkypeForBusinessUsersBlocked

- Sway

- SyntheticProbe

- TeamsHealthcare

- ThreatFinder

- ThreatIntelligence

- ThreatIntelligenceAtpContent

- ThreatIntelligenceUrl

- WorkplaceAnalytics

- Yammer

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UserIds
The UserIds parameter specifies the audit logs that are retained by the policy based on the ID of the user who performed the action.

To enter multiple values, use the following syntax: \<value1\>,\<value2\>,...\<valueX\>. If the values contain spaces or otherwise require quotation marks, use the following syntax: "\<value1\>","\<value2\>",..."\<valueX\>".

```yaml
Type: MultiValuedProperty
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
The WhatIf switch doesn't work in Office 365 Security & Compliance Center PowerShell.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi
Applicable: Office 365 Security & Compliance Center

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

###  

## OUTPUTS

###  

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
