---
external help file: 
applicable: Lync Server 2013, Skype for Business Server 2015, Skype for Business Server 2019
title: Test-CsReplica
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-CsReplica

## SYNOPSIS
Verifies the status of the replica service on the local computer.
The replica service is used to replicate information among all the Skype for Business Server computers in your topology.
This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2013.


## SYNTAX

```
Test-CsReplica [-GlobalCatalog <Fqdn>] [-GlobalSettingsDomainController <Fqdn>] [-Report <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet verifies that the Skype for Business Server replica service is running on the local computer.
The `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet performs such tasks as: checking the status of the Replicator Agent and Centralized Logging Agent services; verifying that the required ports have been opened in the Windows Firewall; and ensuring that the necessary Active Directory and local computer security groups exist.

Note that this cmdlet must be run locally; that is, it must be run on the same computer where the replica service is running.
There are no options for running the `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet against a remote server.

Skype for Business Server Control Panel: The functions carried out by the `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet are not available in the Skype for Business Server Control Panel.


## EXAMPLES

### -------------------------- Example 1 --------------------------
```
Test-CsReplica -Verbose
```

The command shown in Example 1 tests the Skype for Business Server replica service on the local computer.
In this example the Verbose parameter is used to ensure that information about the test - including the eventual failure or success of the test as well as the location of the report generated by the test - is displayed on screen.


### -------------------------- Example 2 --------------------------
```
Test-CsReplica -Verbose -Report C:\Logs\ReplicaTest.html
```

Example 2 is a variation of the command shown in Example 1.
In this case, however, the Report parameter is included in order to specify a folder path and name for the report generated by the test.
If you do not specify a report path the report will be given an auto-generated name similar to this:

C:\Users\Administrator.Litwareinc\AppData\Local\Temp\1\Test-Cs-Replica-3db40ee0-4b5d-4f58-8d3d-b1e61253129e.html


## PARAMETERS

### -GlobalCatalog
Fully qualified domain name of a global catalog server in your domain.
This parameter is not required if you are running the `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet on a computer with an account in your domain.


```yaml
Type: Fqdn
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: Lync Server 2013, Skype for Business Server 2015, Skype for Business Server 2019

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -GlobalSettingsDomainController
Fully qualified domain name of a domain controller in your domain.
This parameter is not required if you are running the `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet on a computer with an account in your domain.


```yaml
Type: Fqdn
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: Lync Server 2013, Skype for Business Server 2015, Skype for Business Server 2019

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Report
Enables you to specify a file path for the log file created when the cmdlet runs.
For example:

`-Report "C:\Logs\ReplicaTest.html"`

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: Lync Server 2013, Skype for Business Server 2015, Skype for Business Server 2019

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

###  
None.
The `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet does not accept pipelined input.

## OUTPUTS

###  
The `Test-CsReplica` cmdlet returns an instance of the Microsoft.Rtc.SyntheticTransactions.TaskOutput object.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

